today we're going to be learning Tori
Kelly all in my head
need to capo on the sixth fret the first
chord is D minor so you play your first
finger on the first string first fret
this is the first fret it's really your
second finger goes onto the third string
second fret your third thing goes onto
third fret second string and you simply
play string 4 3 2 1 using a minor chord
which is first in goes second string
first fret second finger and fourth
string second fret and your threating it
just blow on the same fret so on the
string 3 and here it said man 4 3 2 1
you play five four three two and then
the next chord is an E minor so your
first finger on the fifth fret second
fret fifth string tightly week-old and
your next finger goes on to the fourth
string second fret
she's been under each other and thereby
here you play six five four three and
then you just play an F chord which is
your first finger well you play at
different ways but it's how I play it
and it's the best way easiest first
finger finger on your finger on the
second string first fret your second
finger goes onto third string second
fret and your 13-bit finger goes six my
four full string third fret and a little
baby finger just pops under here onto
the first string
ready play five four three two one again
if you don't want to play it if you like
this forget to put a little finger it
doesn't sound too bad just start on it
that's what I tell us how pretty
different to the actual song break with
it
sounds a little bit like this so you
play it over and over you plating like
four so you go show you a lower self
song sound like and that's basically it
just repeat after the whole song and you
can play it the only problem is just put
in the comments subscribe and like just
go